project partner astrochernel store
optical instruments planetarium address
site planetarium dot ru
lightning science the most current fast
news of science and technology and business 20
March almost the day of spring
equinoxes on earth will be observed
the next total solar eclipse
the phenomenon will begin at 12 hours 10 minutes
Moscow time not far from
canadian island newfoundland
the shadow of the moon will move quickly across
the Atlantic Ocean and will soon enter
to the Faroe Islands is the maximum
the eclipse phase will start at 12:42
Moscow time a 10 minutes past one
the culmination of this astronomical
phenomena will be observed already on
shpitsbergen archipelago duration
the total phase here will be 2 minutes and 6
seconds its movement on the surface
earth moon shadow will end up practically
at the north pole so here on
polar bears will see how
the moon will close the sun and the sky abruptly
will darken
and around the luminary will shine
sun corona as for
mainland Russia here full
eclipse will not be observed
lovers of astronomy will be able to enjoy
only private phases and better conditions
will develop in the Murmansk region
here the moon will close the sun's disk by about
90 percent
the south we will move from Murmansk
the lower the eclipse phase will be
St. Petersburg, it will be 78
percent in Moscow 65 and in Krasnodar
only 40 as for the eastern border
eclipse it passes from the peninsula
Taimyr and to Baikal
respectively in the far east of Russia
eclipse will not be observed
for the observer from the European territory
Russia is convenient that the eclipse takes place in
lunch time
For example, in Moscow, the phenomenon will begin at 12
hours 13 minutes
65 percent maximum phase will come
at 13:20 and at 14:27 the eclipse will end
note that through binoculars and
telescope and other magnifying devices
without special filters
look at the sun categorically
prohibited on how safe for your
health observe the eclipse we will tell
next video subscribe to astro
channel tell us about your
friends and be aware
with